fix(pie-tag): DSW-000 set the tag opacity via a prop (#1228)
justeattakeaway/pie: .changeset/mighty-queens-exercise.md

---
"@justeattakeaway/pie-tag": minor
"pie-storybook": minor
---

> [Changed] - derive tag opacity (disabled state) via an "isDimmed" prop instead of css vars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Changed] - Emulate disabled styles via an "isDimmed" prop instead of css vars (lowers the tag opacity)
```

Author: updated 🤝
